Introduce yourself and share with your peers your background and any experience you have with data science. 

I am Manidipa and a Procurement professional working as a SAP consultant for a Consumer Products major.  
In today's date the daily procurement solutions are getting an "Intelligent" makeover. Never had the direct exposure to Data science in my daily job. 
However when i started to read some interesting market insights on my current client, a question popped up in my head "Can i use these insights to predict 
something useful, meaningful?". 
Example: I came to know from my readings that in mature markets the origin of the ingredients has a great influence on the product sales.
Today's consumer is environmentally aware and gets driven by organic buzz words on the label, like Sulfate and Parabens free, Not tested on animals,
single origin ingredients usage and so on.

How would you define a data scientist and data science? (3 marks)

A Data Scientist is one who:
- Finds solutions to problems
-By analyzing data which might be big or small using appropriate tools
-Narrates a story to communicate the finds to relevant people
The key behavioral ingredients in a Data Scientist would be Curiosity, Sense of Humor, Story telling acumen.

Data Science
- In its simplest form is what Data Scientists do.
It is the field where in you
- Collect data (structured and unstructured)
- Store Data (Profile the data) so that it is easily accessible 
- Analyse date (using scientific methods for example Regression)
- Extract insights from data
- Narrate your valuable findings in an understandable way to concerned people


Data science can be applied to problems across different industries. What industry are you passionate about and would like to pursue a data science career in? 

I am passionate about pursuing a Data Science career In the Supply Chain industry. My main area of interest in Supply Chain analytics. 
However i feel Data Science basics is a precursor to making Data driven (informed) business decision. I came to know from my readings that in mature markets 
the origin of the ingredients has a great influence on the product sales, Today's consumer is environmentally aware and gets driven by organic buzz words on 
the label, like Sulfate and Parabens free, Not tested on animals, Single origin ingredients usage and so on. It would be great to forecast using data science, 
the sale volumes of consumer products based on these market trends data.

What are the eight main components of a report that would be delivered at the end of a data science project? 

Data Science report project structure would consist of the following sections:
1. Cover Page: Should include title of the report, Authors - their affiliations and contacts, Affiliated publisher, Date of publication 
2. Table of contents - which should index the contents of the report like a visual map
3. Executive Summary or abstract - to explain the crux of our arguments
4. Introductory Section: Useful for setting up the problem for a novice to the topic, who might need a subtle introduction before getting into the details. 
   Review of available research on the subject. Literature Review: It can be concise with citations for only most influential subject authors when majority 
   conclusions are in one direction . However cite the relevant research done if the arguments are new with plenty of deviation from current normal. 
   To highlight the gaps that your analysis fills in the existing knowledge.
5. Methodology section: refer to the research methods and data sources used for our analysis. Sometimes the right data set might not be available, so it might
   have required surveys and questions which can be explained in detail 
6. Results section: Showing our empirical findings in form of descriptive statistics and illustrative graphics. Then move toward testing your hypothesis
7. Discussion Section: Rely on your narrative power to enable numbers to communicate your thesis to the readers. You highlight how your findings provide the 
   missing piece to the puzzle
8. Conclusion Section: Where we generalize our findings and give a marketing touch to promote them. We also mention future possible developments and 
   application possible from our research. Finally References, Acknowledgement and Appendices.

